samples: matter: Add SMP DFU to template sample (#13746)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added support for `AWS IoT Core`_.

* :ref:`matter_template_sample` sample:

  * Added support for DFU over Bluetooth LE SMP.

>     The DFU over Bluetooth LE SMP is disabled by default.
>     To enable it, set :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_DFU_OVER_BT_SMP` Kconfig option to ``y``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The functionality is disabled by default.
    To enable it, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_DFU_OVER_BT_SMP` Kconfig option to ``y``.
```
